(doc) Improve wording in "Libraries with Dune" tutorial (#2047)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/language/1ms_02_dune.md

$ echo _build >> .gitignore
```

> In OCaml, each .ml file corresponds to a module. In the `mixtli` project, the file `cloud.ml` creates a module named `Cloud`, the file `wmo.ml` creates a module `Wmo` that contains two submodules: `Stratus` and `Cumulus`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OCaml, each `.ml` file corresponds to a module. In the `mixtli` project, the file `cloud.ml` creates a module named `Cloud`, and the file `wmo.ml` creates a module `Wmo` that contains two submodules: `Stratus` and `Cumulus`.
```

> In OCaml, each .ml file corresponds to a module. In the `mixtli` project, the file `cloud.ml` creates a module named `Cloud`, the file `wmo.ml` creates a module `Wmo` that contains two submodules: `Stratus` and `Cumulus`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In OCaml, each `.ml` file defines a module. In the `mixtli` project, the file `cloud.ml` defines the `Cloud` module, the file `wmo.ml` defines the `Wmo` module that contains two submodules: `Stratus` and `Cumulus`.
```
